gambling presents
how many years ago did everyone do big
m. m.
and now everyone is doing session
multiplayer games like lowdown
artplay and thieves come on kings still
climb the light and they are in their own good but
who play all this online games
need strong community not from
communities
no games such games are bound to be something
what collects and binds the public some
powerful gameplay idea content and
the dialogues
something that said plain text
would the rest of the games not need ours better
price
to take a titanfall she's fine with a point
view design basics carefully
thoughtful thriller where everything is extreme
neat and harmonious but it is almost not
leaves reason to return plot
the campaign is rudimentary and very fast
yourself and erased by you interesting discoveries
little community shrank to quite
sad sizes there is an opinion that after
have a good start, many have returned to
multiplayer hello
and call of duty or gone over to
destiny but considering extremely successful
mechanics with furs are very similar to
priming before something is incommensurable
more for example before tytanfall 2
further comes the flow of dota's heirs
which this year has abated somewhat
not gone anywhere
really needed among these games
It turned out only with the may creators tramps
ascent peace be upon him rigged
classic rules moba games under the action
third person
It turned out brightly and does not look like anything
because it was not clear demand
how's it going to go on market close
play several similar games at once
Difficult but for now smite in popularity
stably supports dota2 or gaflat
other similar games are still
overcomes the crisis of self-determination and their
fate is not understood down gate let's say not
managed and already decided to close
February 2015 have vainglory for ah uoz
similar trouble
she looks amazing she's perfect
optimized and in general for all
featured this is a model game only here
it's not clear why to play it on
tablets and phones
despite the relatively small card
vainglory slow and heavy
match out and drag on up to half an hour and
more so don't even hope that
get a quick lunch
break
it is fixable but for now things like
solstice and rain fit in mobile
vainglory format is not among portable
sociologist also note world of tanks
blitz but you can't tell a lot about them
mobile phone tanks
very good and.
and the main session game in 2014
unequivocally hartstone we doubted
it at the beginning of the year when the blizzard
has not yet established a stream of updates and meta
the game stagnated everyone played the same
same decks with the same cards
but a great update came first
Scrum himself sleep just recently
a huge set of cards goblins and dwarves and
play and watch the games again became
interesting this observational moment
by the way no less important
hearthstone proved to be good
eSports discipline and
an entertaining spectacle of the viewers account over
you steadily go steadily on tens of thousands
on the next well- known idea
blizzard again built not that huge
and prosperous hearthstone has all that
need community content serious
pro-scene this game is uniquely serious and
long session online game of the year
hearthstone heroes of warcraft